W-11987101-CustomizingYourTemplate-SG (#347)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_build_a_flow_using_templates.adoc

For more information about how to create a new flow from template, refer to xref:ms_composer_flows.adoc#create-a-new-flow-from-template[Create a New Flow From Template].

== Customizing Your Template

> Since you will likely need to further customize your flow from a template, consider the following recommendations and guidelines when encountering messages while customizing your flow from template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you will likely need to further customize your flow from a template, consider the following recommendations and guidelines when encountering messages while customizing your flow from a template.
```

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit repetitive. Consider removing the first part of it and starting with "Consider..."

> === Instance Requires Different Fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Your Instance Requires Different Fields
```

> === Instance Requires Different Fields

Reviewer: For all of these subsections, I suggest making the header the exact message.

> Your instance might have fields that are different from the template. For example, you might need to add a required field that is not used or delete a field used in the template that does not exist in your connection. These will be presented as errors that need to be resolved before testing the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your instance might have fields that are different from the template. For example, you might need to add a required field that is not used or delete a field used in the template that does not exist in your connection. These actions will cause errors that must be resolved before testing the flow.
```

> === Field Does Not Exist With Your Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== A Template Field Does Not Exist With Your Connection
```

> === Field Does Not Exist With Your Connection

Reviewer: I suggest making the header the exact message that the user sees. Then you can start the next paragraph with "This message appears..." (I have the same suggestion for the next section as well.)

This is less repetitive, but it is up to you.

> The `This field does not exist with your connection` message appears if the input field is not present in your connection. For example, when creating custom fields defined in the prerequisites, the ID of the custom field saved in the template is different from the ID of the custom field created in the instance (even if the name is the same), which causes an error to occur in the flow. You can delete the custom field saved in the template and then re-add your custom field from the field selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `This field does not exist with your connection` message appears if the input field is not present in your connection. For example, when creating custom fields defined in the prerequisites, the ID of the custom field saved in the template differs from the ID of the custom field created in the instance (even if the name is the same), which causes an error to occur in the flow. You can delete the custom field saved in the template and then re-add your custom field from the field selector.
```

> === Value Does Not Exist With Your Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== A Template Value Does Not Exist With Your Connection
```

> The `This value does not exist with your connection` message appears if the output field (data pill) is not present in your connection. For example, when creating custom fields defined in the prerequisites, the ID of the custom field saved in the template is different from the ID of the custom field created in the instance (even if the name is the same), which causes an error to occur in the flow. You can remove the data pill that is mapped in and select your custom field from the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `This value does not exist with your connection` message appears if the output field (data pill) is not present in your connection. For example, when creating custom fields defined in the prerequisites, the ID of the custom field saved in the template differs from the ID of the custom field created in the instance (even if the name is the same), which causes an error to occur in the flow. You can remove the mapped data pill and select your custom field from the dropdown.
```
